Create signalfxexporter README.md (#133)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/signalfxexporter/README.md

# SignalFx Metrics Exporter

How to send metrics to SignalFx.

The following configuration options are required:

- `access_token` (no default): AccessToken is the authentication token provided

> by SignalFx or another backend that supports the SAPM proto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by SignalFx or another backend that can receive SignalFx metrics.
```

Reviewer: alternatively, just remove the part starting after "by SignalFx"

Author: Removed rest

- `realm` (default = us0): SignalFx realm where the data will be received.

The following configuration options can also be configured:

> - `headers` (no default): Headers to pass in payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `headers` (no default): Headers to pass in the payload.
```

> - `timeout` (default = 5s): Amount of time to wait for send operation to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `timeout` (default = 5s): Amount of time to wait for a send operation to complete.
```
